PayPal tab with PayPal Detail tab and PayPal Assignment tab
o	PayPal Detail tab should Download PayPal costs item level by date. This should be stored in a separate database table   Table should follow the rules and be completely sortable 
o	PayPal Assignment tab should Reconcile by date and assign to specific auction to cost bucket 
o	Automate by weekly costs to auto assign to campaign. Need to have a sign off before locking in. 
o	Must have a way to reset or manually change. 
o	We may have a PayPal purchase that may need to have portions going to separate sales sources. (Auction, eBay, Private-Collection). Default to apply all to Auction with the option of changing or splitting between sales sources. 

I have added a sample PayPal-2025-Download.csv for the formatting.
I have also added a PayPal PDF file statement-Feb-2025.pdf for formatting reference.
We would like to have the option of submitting one or the other.  Please review and provide your feedback if one is deficient.
When updating our tables we must not duplicate transactions.  Please make sure that you fully understand the statements provided.


Tax preparation tab
o	Calculate monthly income & expense
o	Calculate quarterly income & expense 
o	Calculate year.
o	Find best practices tax preparation 
o	Generate pdf of financial tax preparation 
o	Once locked in the tax specific information to be stored in a separate database table. This is what tax reports are run from. 
o	Tax table records only deleted in development. Non destructive from application. 
o	Application should perform checks before saving to tax table that year or quarter has not been done previously 

I want to create a separate tab called Financial 
o	With in tab. Financial Summary tab and Financial Details tab
o	The Financial Summary tab should contain all common scoreboard from the dashboard. 
o	The difference in the score board calculation costs to only use reconciled numbers. 
o	Scoreboard to also include other sources for income 
o	Scores to be orchestrated from Financial Details tab
Financial Detail tab should have area for. Office expenses (lables, post-it notes, markers), post office mileage, mailers, advertising (auction bump), auction show setup materials and maintenance, phone 

o	Bank payment reconciliation 
o	Manual and upload options 
o	This page should also delegate what numbers to use for tax.  We are generating a lot of numbers and some are specifically for reference and may be incomplete 

Analytics tab to have additional subtab called Complete sales. 
o	Should use Total sales from all sources approved from financial tab
o	Should use only approved reconciled costs from financial tab
o	Goals should be applied here as well 
o	Need pie chart with total sales by sales source   Also one by profit 

Offline (sales,purchase,trade)

In the maintenance tab we need to add alerts & notifications 
o	Within the tab a table with a Title, description, notification timing weekly (with definable day time) bi- weekly  (with definable day time) monthly first day (with definable day time) of the month , with active slider to turn on or off the slider, Alert or Notification selector. 
o	Example ( Perform Auction Uploads, whatnot finance page download auction weekly details and upload into card graph application, weekly every Monday after 2:00pm cst, active, Alert)
o	Each notification should be associated to an alert or notification. 
o	In the alerts will be associated to an action and stay visible until action is taken. Notifications will show for period of time and can be closed. 
o	In the example above the application would check for a recent upload to the auction table.  Until the upload is satisfied the alert will stay on the screen. 
o	The alerts should provide guidance to remind specifically what is needed which should be the description in a tool tip window 
o	Scroll on/off option -We also need the option for turning off and on with an application scroll. The scroll should have the options for:  score card information, player stats, teams status, analytics info

